Update peers (#330)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.md

### Who is contributing to Wasabi??

There are many Wasabikas working with great effort and care to manifest this powerful tool of self defense.

> [Over 40 peers](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/graphs/contributors) have already contributed to the repository, and more and more supporters are joining the [dojo](/building-wasabi/Dojo.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Many peers](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/graphs/contributors) have already contributed to the repository, and more and more supporters are joining the [dojo](/building-wasabi/Dojo.md).
```
